procedures: edit the sections about the che-editor.yaml file (#2466)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/end-user-guide/partials/ref_options-for-che-editor-yaml.adoc

[id="options-for-che-editor-yaml_{context}"]
= Options for che-editor.yaml

> The `che-editor.yaml` file supports optional parameters to suit the needs of more complex projects:

Reviewer: Reading your sentence I understand that `id` is mandatory and `reference` and `inline` are optionals. But those are alternatives to `id`.

```suggestion
The `che-editor.yaml` file supports using a `reference` to a remote IDE definition or an `inline` IDE definition as an alternative to the `id` parameter. This is useful when the IDE is not defined in the plugin registry:

.`reference` points to a remote `che-editor.yaml` file
====
[source,yaml]
----
reference: https://gist.github.com/.../che-editor.yaml # required
----
====

.`inline` specifies a complete IDE definition when your project requires a customized IDE
====
[source,yaml]
----
inline:
  components:
  (...)
  events:
  (...)
   commands:
  (...)
----
====

The `che-editor.yaml` file supports optional parameters to suit the needs of more complex scenarios: `regisryUrl` and `override`:
```
